LOG_BOOK




On the 20th of January
We attended our first induction of ICEP.We were introduced to our
leaders and they gave us an overview of what ICEP is all about, also had a chance to play
exercise games.

On the 21st of January
We were introduced to CRUM and how it helps in the workplace.

On the 22 January
They introduced to us MEAN stack.We had two speakers, Mr mesh head of ICEP and founder of 
NONA multimedia who highlighted the importance of design and colors in every application
to be built.

23rd of January
We came in only to sign forms, and create accounts for slack, trello, etc.

On the 24th of January we had a day off.

27th of January
We were divided into groups of Developers and Business Analysts, and brainstorm on the
idea of our desired system which was approved.
  
28th of January
I did more research about nodejs and express, and i  assigned to do backend for admin

29 January
I continued researching, compiling information from different sources as it was difficult
to implement backend for admin

30 January
We were doing the routing for the pages and merging them together in order to have a complete
working front-end application, back-end developers were also doing the same for the 
entire back-end we also used postman to test the integrated environments and check for 
any bugs.

31 January 
We combined the front and back-end in order to have a fully functional application, 
we also further tested the integrated application  for bugs 

3 February
We had our first presentation were we presented to our fellow leaders and colleages.

4 February 
We had a second presentation from other groups which showed that everyone is in the right place.

5 February
I got placed into a new group for another application known as Kasi Food_Hub,
we got introduced to each other as team members and also went to  do more research on the system
we are supposed to design.
6 February
Two first teams had a scrum session and got to know scrum in full.
 
7 February
We were doing a reserach about ionic and how we can use it to better our lives and make the
process of app creation more productive.


10 February
We had a scrum meeting together with our BAs to draft down the Product log by listing all the system's requirements
and re-alocate tasks amongst the team.

11 February
we continued on our first sprint tasks, whereby i was working on the back-end for the reset-forgot password and in the afternoon
we had a group meeting to discuss our difficulities and share views.

12 february
implementation for the CRUD for login and register pages continued, so as the one for forgot password....

13 february
continued with CRUD methodology and got stuck when coming to connect the front-end with the back-end....which is to be researched!.

14 february
I completed my given task(back-end for forgot-reset password) and moved to help other members of the team to uplift the working spirit.
I'm also still working on the logic of forgot-reset password.
