215534006
MTHETHWA SANELE

20 JANUARY, monday
on this date,an induction program took place and i was inducted to topics as thus:
the project management
project coordinator
waterfall methodology
scrum
and agile

21 JANUARY ,tuesday
tuesday 21st,induction program progressed and a new subject of multimedia design was introduced
by Mr Nona.

22 JANUARY, wednesday
on this date,i participated in a team building programs with my colleges.

23 JANUARY,thursday
i filled the admission form and i equally signed the employment letters ,subsequently 
i instructed to create an account on trewllo.

24 JANUARY , friday
on friday a day off i was given a day off with my team.

27 JANUARY,monday
on this day,mr nyambeni introduced git and nodejs and angular.
i was given an instruction to created a repository on the gitgub account tht i created, to which  i will push my
work.we further convened we my team,we brain stormed and agreed on the idea that was subjected to a proposal.

28 JANUARY,tuesday
on this date,we did the division of labour and i was assigned to be a backend coder.
 
29 JANUARY,wednesday
i started coding the backend for the login page.
30 JANUARY thursday
the backend coding was in persistancy and i had to familiarise my mind with the functions
the  of  database.

31 JANUARY,friday
on this day , coding of the backend login page was still in progress.

03 FEBRUARY, monday
monday,it was the first day of evaluation. 

04 FEBRUARY, tuesday.
on this day, i made a presentation of our system and i was selected to represent the developers .

05 FEBRUARY , wednesday 

on this date , i reconved with business analyst at building 10 to formulate and create new teams 
not only that but to do the planning for the newly proposed system.

06 FEBRUARY ,thurday
after the newly proposed system , a research was conducted that is based on the proposed system.

07 FEBRUARY , friday
i persisted with the conduct of the research.

10 FEBRUARY, Monday
on this date i submitted the updated report and i dd the scrum with my  team.

11 FEBRUARY , Tuesday
i coded the backend using the CRUD method.

12 FEBRUARY , wednesday
i met with my team for scrum again again and disscussed the indivial progress in 
assignment.
we requested wirframe.

13 FEBRUARY, thursday
i continued with the CRUD code.

14 FEBRUARY, friday
i attempted to connect the backend and the front end.

