log book
20 January 
We attended our first day of ICEP as part of our induction, we were introduced to the leaders of ICEP and also what ICEP is all about, we also played a game as part of team building conducted by Mr. Moses. Then signed to show that we attended the occasion.
21 January
We had more team building games, we also learnt about scrum and its advantages in the workplace. We also got a guest speaker who enlightened us regarding front end development and what all the criteria we must focus on as part of front end developing. He also shared with us a few websites which we will find useful for the designing part.
22 January
We were introduced to the Mean stack which we will be using in the internship. this included node js, angular, and we got  two speakers named nona and Mr Mash, we got introduced to the importance of design and colors in every application we make. Mr Mash also spoke to us about how we as I.T professionals need to thrive on solving problems in our community through technology
23 January 
We were signing forms, and creating accounts for trello and slack which was introduced by kabelo. We also spoke of their uses in the project management and for tracking individual tasks as part of the projects we will be working on. 
24 January
We had a day off.
27 January
We were grouped together with some business analysts and developers and had to come up with an idea of the type of system we want to implement and we presented it and it got approved.
28 January
We were learning more about angular, and i was designing my first angular admin dashboard for my team as part of the front end.
29 January
We held a scrum session just to see our progress as a whole and I was doing the designing and coding of some of the components needed for the admin dashboard with some routing.
30 January
We were doing the routing for the pages and merging them together in order to have a complete working front-end application, the back-end developers were also doing the same for the entire back-end, we also used postman to test the integrated environments and check for any bugs. My admin dashboard was functional but I had pushed it into the wrong github repository.
31 January 
We combined the front and back-end in order to have a fully functional application, we also further tested the integrated application  for bugs and fixed whatever bugs we had in order to prepare for the presentation that would start the following week. My admin dashboard was not working today after I had tried to reuse the code into the correct repository.
3 February
We had our first presentation were we presented to our fellow leaders and colleages.
4 February 
We had a second presentation from other groups which showed that all the groups were determined to work. we were also sharing suggestions and asking the questions regarding their system
5 February
We got placed into a new group for another application known as kasi food hub, we got introduced to each other and also did a research about the system we were supposed to design.
6 February
we were further brushing up our skills on front end development concepts
7 February
We were doing a reserach about ionic and how we can use it to better our lives and make the process of app creation shorter and more productive.
10 February
we are working on the frontend side of things regarding our system. we also met with our business analysts and our leadership kabelo and matshidiso who guided us regarding our system.
11 February
we continued to work on our assigned sprint tasks that were identified as high priority for the first presentation thats coming up in 2 weeks time. I was working on the front end regarding the admin panel. There were many difficulties faced and also lessons learnt from those situations. I am now getting more used to how I tackle errors etc. we also had a group daily scrum toward the end of the day with our business analysts to make sure we are all on the right track.
12 February
I conducted further research on what exactly the admin side of the vendors must contain. The information it must display and was looking for some samples on the internet to give me an idea. I also helped my other group members in areas they found difficulty inorder to enforce the team spirit which we share. The eskom power cut affected our overall work output as we wait for electricity to return.
13 February
All the methods I try so far seem to elude the final way that I aim to achieve. Admin panel is a good challenge for me and I am confident on conquering my obstacles.
14 February
We had some bits of our system up and running, they are missing the pieces being done by other members. We did some overtime to cover up for lost time and also I managed to get an admin panel up and running. It needs further fine tuning and a platform for me to build on from there.
