MAHLORI MANGANYI REPORT 2020

20 January 2020

first day of the work we are being introduced what ICEP all about
and what we should expect from the ICEP.
Things we be doing the whole semester

Website
Mobile application
Technical support
Git and Github

Languages with be using to accomplish the whole prosess

Angularjs
Nodejs
Ionic

We should come out of ICEP knowing all of the things mentioned
above

21-23 January

Induction and playing games

24 January

I Didnt come to work.
All of us we didn't come except the staff members

27 January reports

We learned about github
We cloned the repository from the github into our local machine
After we config our global user name and emails
The challenge here was push it back
It was telling us about the unable to access the info simply because
we didn't have a repository that we need to send it to.
Later we were ask to come up with the system..
Then we managed to gather our thoughts and we came up with fruit
and veg system.. We scrump it down, we managed to see what is needed on the
system..

28 January 2020 report

Based on our system we assigned ourselves with work and learning
angularjs and nodejs..As programmers the are people who are working with landing page,some are working with admin page, some are working on login page..
I am sign to do the Register page..
Challenges that I have now is to learn angularjs and nodejs.

03 February

Presentation day
We manage to run frontend and backend but the problem was to connect the api of both backend and frontend.. We failed to connect the two.. But we present our system..
And the other groups managed to help us how we can fix the problem we have

04 February

Today we're starting a new chapter of learning mobile app we
learning ironic

05 February

We are allocated to our new groups, where our group we are assigned
to do gitfbox app.
Also we talked with all our BA how the system should look like

O6 February

Today we are learning about scrum and to understand how it works
The lesson was all about scrum and agile methods.. How we can use
agile on our work place.

O7 February

Researching about the gift box system
And we are waiting for the full description of the system how the
system suppose to look like from the client.