week 1
20 January - (Monday)
The induction took place and I was introduced to topics we were going to project managemen.


21 January - (Tuesday)
Mr Nona introduced multimedia design as the induction was continuing.


22 January - (Wednesday)

i participated into team building programs with my collegues.

23 January - (Thursday)

I filled the employment forms and countinued with the introduction to Slack and Trello.


24 January - (Friday)
Day off

week 2

27 January - (Monday)

I was introduced to git,github and taught how to use git,how to clone, how to push,
and i cloned a project from Mr Nyambeni to create a file 
and folder to write our names in. 

28 January - (Tuesday)

I was assigned a task to create a registration page from the backend.

29 January - (Wednesday)
I did a serch on the project we chose to do.

30 January - (Thursday)

I registered for IDC30BT

31 January - (Friday)

week 3

03 February - (Monday)

04 February - (Tuesday)

05 February - (Wednesday)
We presentated a group system which we started on 27 January 2020. 

06 February - (Thursday)
Attended Scrum session from 8am to 4 pm


07 February - (Friday) 

I started the research on my group project which is Resident Management System which students and resident owners 
can register and login to book or insert their residences into the system.

10 February - (Monday)

we begin the daily scrum and i was assigned to do the back-end part for the admin page.

11 February - (Tuesday)

My group decided to change the task i was assigned to, and assigned me to code the back-end
part for the forgot password for students password validation. I begin by researching how to validate the 
password and how to create token for email in Nodejs. 

12 February - (Wednesday)
I begin by coding the forgot password back-end for students.

13 February - (Thursday)

I begin by coding the forgot password back-end for the landlords.
 
14 February - (Friday)

i edited the coding of the forgot password back-end for the landlords.
 


